open meta horizon link
connect headset
use link cable, 

if you get a "device not recognized error": 
click the error and hit the reset button if it's there or just close, 
use user rights to get admin priv, 
open device manager, 
find "unknown usb device (port reset failed)", 
right click it, properties, change settings, driver, uninstall device, unplug and replug.

Make sure the headset wakes up when you put it on
your HMD should appear active in MHL
do device setup if you haven't already
in the hmd, enable link
start steamVR
put on the HMD and make sure you see Steam home.

If you don't see Steam home and SteamVR says something about runtimes or whatever, you may have to restart the computer and HMD.

goto steamVR hamburger, 
open settings>openXR, 
make sure active runtime is oculus. if not: 
got to MHL>settings>general, 
scroll to the bottom and hit the "Seta Meta Horizon Link as active". 
reopen SteamVR settings (make sure it refreshes by switching to a different settings tab and back) and check the the runtime is set to oculus.

Get our build of lidarview
check the folder LidarView-5.2.0\bin\paraview-6.0\plugins\XRInterface.
Make sure there are a bunch of jsons including "pv_openxr_actions.json" and "pv_openxr_binding_khr_simple_controller.json"
If those are not present, find them somewhere (you can probably use the ones from an installation of Paraview).
Check the folder LidarView-5.2.0\bin make sure there is a xerces-c-3.2.1.dll and libpdal_reader_e57.dll
If those aren't there ask Simon

select at the top of LidarView tools>manage plugins, scroll all the way down and select XRInterface, load selected.
in the new XRInterface section on the right, makesure OpenXR is the active runtime.
Hover the mouse over "send to xr"
put the headset on
click "send to xr" while wearing the headset
if you send to xr while the headset is asleep, it won't work. IF you take the headset off, you need to quit xr and send to xr again.
If you figure out how to stop the quest from going to sleep when you take it off I commend you (The "Bypass Proximity Sensor Check" option in OculusDebugTool.exe turns itself back off)

The B button opens the menu while the A button is the trigger.

